README.md, before:

# Shopify NextJS App Example

An example app built with NextJS that can be setup and deployed to production in seconds on Vercel. 

## Deploy your own

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Ft-kelly%2Fnextjs-shopify-app&env=NEXT_PUBLIC_SHOPIFY_APP_API_KEY,SHOPIFY_APP_API_SECRET_KEY&project-name=shopify-nextjs-app&repo-name=shopify-nextjs-app&integration-ids=oac_V3R1GIpkoJorr6fqyiwdhl17)

This examples uses [Upstash](https://upstash.com/) (Serverless Redis Database) as its data storage. During deployment, you will be asked to connect with Upstash. The integration will help you create a free Redis database and link it to your Vercel project automatically.

You'll need to [get a Shopify App API Key and API secret key](https://shopify.dev/tutorials/build-a-shopify-app-with-node-and-react/embed-your-app-in-shopify#get-a-shopify-api-key) inside the Partner Dashboard to complete the deploy. After deployed, select **App Setup** on your app's summary page in Partner Dashboard, and update the following values:
1. App Url: `https://[your-vercel-deploy-url].vercel.app/embedded`
2. Redirection URLs: `https://[your-vercel-deploy-url].vercel.app/api/auth/shopify/callback`

Finally, install your app on a development store by selecting **Test on development store** on your app's summary page in Partner Dashboard

## Setup Local Development

1. Clone your app's repo `git clone https://github.com/[your-user-name]/nextjs-shopify-app.git`
2. Create another Shopify App for Development inside the [Partner Dashboard](https://partners.shopify.com/current/stores?shpxid=a1fb8161-E1A9-475F-5DF6-E0BCC9D15DFF) and use the Shopify API Key and API secret key for local development.
4. Rename `.env.example` to `.env.local` and fill in values
5. Run `npm install` and then `npm run dev`
6. [Expose your dev environment](https://ngrok.com/docs#getting-started-expose) with ngrok (nextjs runs on port 3000 by default)
7. Update your Dev Apps settings in the Partner Dashboard with the following URLs:
   - Instead of using `https://yourNgrokTunnel.ngrok.io/` for the App URL, use `https://yourNgrokTunnel.ngrok.io/embedded`
   - Instead of using `https://yourNgrokTunnel.ngrok.io/auth/callback` for the Redirection URLs, use `https://yourNgrokTunnel.ngrok.io/api/auth/shopify/callback`
8. [Install your app on a development store and start developing!](https://shopify.dev/tutorials/build-a-shopify-app-with-node-and-react/embed-your-app-in-shopify#authenticate-and-test) 

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/embedded/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/import?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

update readme explain how not to waste time with the shopify cli generated app!

README.md, after:

# Shopify NextJS App Example

An example app built with NextJS that can be setup and deployed to production in seconds on Vercel. 

All the glory goes back to https://github.com/t-kelly/nextjs-shopify-app where I forked the project.

The original repo is no more maintained and is not up-to-date with both shopify api and shopify node api changes.

The app template in this repo is up-to-date, maintained, tested and working! Enjoy!

## Why use this app template instead of the Shopify CLI official one?

- Shopify CLI is generating an app that does not work out of the box. 
- App generated with shopify CLI is using old version of shopify node API and old version of all kind of dependencies (it still uses the koa-shopify-node-api dependency which is full of bug and being abandoned. Honest advice: stay away from this lib)
- App generated with shopify CLI is using NextJS custom server which means that you can not publish to Vercel. You can publish to Heroku only. More over why using custom server when we can avoid it?
- App generated with shopify CLI is extremely slow (due to ngrok and NextJS custom server, server side changes using the shopify official app take ages to reflect). Development experience is awful. While development speed using this app template is acceptable. Once the app is loaded, changes in both server side and client side are fast. 
- This app template uses the latest dependencies version and work out of the box :muscle: :sunglasses:

## Deploy your own

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Ft-kelly%2Fnextjs-shopify-app&env=NEXT_PUBLIC_SHOPIFY_APP_API_KEY,SHOPIFY_APP_API_SECRET_KEY&project-name=shopify-nextjs-app&repo-name=shopify-nextjs-app&integration-ids=oac_V3R1GIpkoJorr6fqyiwdhl17)

This examples uses [Upstash](https://upstash.com/) (Serverless Redis Database) as its data storage. During deployment, you will be asked to connect with Upstash. The integration will help you create a free Redis database and link it to your Vercel project automatically.

You'll need to [get a Shopify App API Key and API secret key](https://shopify.dev/tutorials/build-a-shopify-app-with-node-and-react/embed-your-app-in-shopify#get-a-shopify-api-key) inside the Partner Dashboard to complete the deploy. After deployed, select **App Setup** on your app's summary page in Partner Dashboard, and update the following values:
1. App Url: `https://[your-vercel-deploy-url].vercel.app/embedded`
2. Redirection URLs: `https://[your-vercel-deploy-url].vercel.app/api/auth/shopify/callback`

Finally, install your app on a development store by selecting **Test on development store** on your app's summary page in Partner Dashboard

## Setup Local Development

1. Clone your app's repo `git clone https://github.com/[your-user-name]/nextjs-shopify-app.git`
2. Create another Shopify App for Development inside the [Partner Dashboard](https://partners.shopify.com/current/stores?shpxid=a1fb8161-E1A9-475F-5DF6-E0BCC9D15DFF) and use the Shopify API Key and API secret key for local development.
4. Rename `.env.example` to `.env.local` and fill in values
5. Run `npm install` and then `npm run dev`
6. [Expose your dev environment](https://ngrok.com/docs#getting-started-expose) with ngrok (nextjs runs on port 3000 by default)
7. Update your Dev Apps settings in the Partner Dashboard with the following URLs:
   - Instead of using `https://yourNgrokTunnel.ngrok.io/` for the App URL, use `https://yourNgrokTunnel.ngrok.io/embedded`
   - Instead of using `https://yourNgrokTunnel.ngrok.io/auth/callback` for the Redirection URLs, use `https://yourNgrokTunnel.ngrok.io/api/auth/shopify/callback`
8. [Install your app on a development store and start developing!](https://shopify.dev/tutorials/build-a-shopify-app-with-node-and-react/embed-your-app-in-shopify#authenticate-and-test) 

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/embedded/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/import?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
